All right.
It's now time for us to run this whole magical tool that we have written, the playwright MCP server,
and we'll see how we can able to access it from the cloud desktop.
So in order to do that, I'm going to go to the configurations that we have been making over here.
And we're going to write the playwright MCP server.
So playwright MCP server, which is great.
Uh and then I'm going to add the command as Python.
And the argument is going to be MCP agent.
Ah, it's very intelligent to say that it automatically pastes the paths and everything, which is pretty
good.
Uh, we don't have any MCP URL at the moment, just.
Okay.
Uh, and you know what?
I'm going to get rid of our existing playwright MCP server over here because this is from the MCP server,
so I don't want to clash both of them.
So I'm going to get rid of one of them.
So I'm going to use our playwright MCP server this time.
Right.
So we need to see how that works.
So I'm going to open the cloud desktop.
And if I go to the knob over here you should see the playwright MCP server which is great.
And it only has two tools.
Look at that the navigate tool and the click tool.
So it only performs two operation.
So if you say anything beyond that I don't think this will work.
Right.
So we'll see how that works really.
So I'm going to say I want it to uh login.
Navigate to E maybe http colon double slash e.sammy.com and click the login link.
And uh enter username and password.
See the entry of the username and password is not going to work because we have not performed a send
or maybe like a fill operation.
So we have got the fill operation over here.
Right.
We have not even written that uh, that tool yet, but I'm just asking, like over asking it.
And I wanted to see, like, how this really works the moment I do this, magically.
Look at that.
Our playwright MCP server has been triggered.
The navigate method or the tool that we wrote is is triggering.
So I'm going to say allow once it should open the browser.
Look at that while it is working.
I see this is the power that we have written this MCP server tool so easily with the power of the MCP.
That's what I was talking about.
This is amazing.
And it's going to perform a click operation.
So it should perform a click operation on the login.
Let's see what is really going on.
I think it's just looking for the href for the login, but I think this problem can be resolved if we
have a JavaScript tool being enabled.
Oh look at that.
Now it's again uh, calling that.
Let's see what's really happening.
So let me try to look at the common login uh selector.
So it's trying to do all the different types of selectors over here one by one.
And it is going to do that right now.
There we go.
And you can see that it has finally clicked the login link over here.
It took a lot of time, to be honest, to perform a click operation.
Uh, for sure, but that can be resolved if we have a feature called as the evaluate, uh, JavaScript,
which is basically to evaluate the, uh, the page uh, locators using the JavaScript functions.
So that will actually resolve this very, very easily.
Actually, I have built the same thing, even my server.
So we can actually use that to perform these operation.
Well now this is already working.
And I think this is already an amazing start for us to build this tool.
I will add more tools in our next lecture, but at least you have got the first taste.
I will highly recommend you to try out all by yourself and see how that works.
But until then, catch you in our next lecture where we are going to start implementing more tools.